"Believe you can, and you're halfway there." – Theodore Roosevelt
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." – Winston Churchill
"Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." – Sam Levenson
"The future depends on what you do today." – Mahatma Gandhi
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." – C.S. Lewis
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." – Peter Drucker
"Dream big and dare to fail." – Norman Vaughan
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." – William James
"The harder the struggle, the more glorious the triumph." – Swami Sivananda
"Opportunities don't happen, you create them." – Chris Grosser
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." – Confucius
"Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits." – Jerry Dunn
"Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get." – Dale Carnegie
"Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life." – Steve Jobs
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." – Mahatma Gandhi
"Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other." – Walter Elliot
"It always seems impossible until it's done." – Nelson Mandela
"Do one thing every day that scares you." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." – Mark Twain
"If you’re going through hell, keep going." – Winston Churchill
"You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." – Zig Ziglar
"What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality." – Plutarch
"Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today." – Will Rogers
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." – Walt Whitman
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." – C.S. Lewis
"The best revenge is massive success." – Frank Sinatra
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear." – George Addair
"Turn your wounds into wisdom." – Oprah Winfrey
"Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.'" – Napoleon Hill
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." – Dalai Lama
"Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." – Roy T. Bennett
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." – Winston Churchill
"It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up." – Vince Lombardi
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." – Henry David Thoreau
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it." – Confucius
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." – Lao Tzu
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." – Wayne Gretzky
"Great things are done by a series of small things brought together." – Vincent Van Gogh
"Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow.'" – Mary Anne Radmacher
"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." – Christian D. Larson
"Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless." – Jamie Paolinetti
"Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying." – Roy T. Bennett
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." – Arthur Ashe
"The best way out is always through." – Robert Frost
"Don’t stop until you’re proud." – Anonymous
"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." – Stephen Covey
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom." – George S. Patton
